README.md, before:

CratesPlus
=====================

A free and great crates plugin for Minecraft.


[![Build Status](http://ci.connorlinfoot.com:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=CratesPlus)](http://ci.connorlinfoot.com:8080/job/CratesPlus/)


Changeslogs:

NOTE: As 2.0 is currently in development no more updates of 1.x will be released EXCEPT for bug fixes if required. There is currently no ETA of 2.0 as it is going to be quite a major update and I don't have lots of time to work on it.

2.1/TODO (Plans, Not Yet Being Worked On):
 - In-Game crate editing
 - Better titles
 - Custom crate types

2.0:
 - An all new config layout (Old versions will be converted to the new version on first run and a backup of the orginal will be given via a link)
 - Custom crates and a whole new Crate setup
 - Events, Developers can hook in if they wish to do stuff (CrateOpenEvent, CratePreviewEvent)

1.3.1:
 - Fix for preview sizes not working correctly

1.3:
 - You can now use the Interact event if the Inventory Open event doesn't work for you
 - You can now change the plugin prefix

1.2:
 - Added Crate previews
 - Added a winning GUI
 - Can now use item data ID's for items such as wool, spawn eggs etc
 - Added it so you can now specify a crate key type with the command
 - Can now change settings of the key

1.1:
 - Added update checker (Works with Spigot)
 - Minor changes to how the plugin gets the material from the config
 - Minor changes to the color function for the firework
 - Messages can now be changed in the config file

Commit message:

Fixed an issue with the "/crate key" command

README.md, after:

CratesPlus
=====================

A free and great crates plugin for Minecraft.


[![Build Status](http://ci.connorlinfoot.com:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=CratesPlus)](http://ci.connorlinfoot.com:8080/job/CratesPlus/)


Changeslogs:

NOTE: As 2.0 is currently in development no more updates of 1.x will be released EXCEPT for bug fixes if required. There is currently no ETA of 2.0 as it is going to be quite a major update and I don't have lots of time to work on it.

2.1/TODO (Plans, Not Yet Being Worked On):
 - In-Game crate editing/managing
 - Better titles
 - Custom crate types

2.0.1:
 - Fixed an issue with not been able to run "/crate key" without specifying a key type (Thanks to kyle1264x on Spigot for reporting this)

2.0:
 - An all new config layout (Old versions will be converted to the new version on first run and a backup of the orginal will be given via a link)
 - Custom crates and a whole new Crate setup
 - Events, Developers can hook in if they wish to do stuff (CrateOpenEvent, CratePreviewEvent)

1.3.1:
 - Fix for preview sizes not working correctly

1.3:
 - You can now use the Interact event if the Inventory Open event doesn't work for you
 - You can now change the plugin prefix

1.2:
 - Added Crate previews
 - Added a winning GUI
 - Can now use item data ID's for items such as wool, spawn eggs etc
 - Added it so you can now specify a crate key type with the command
 - Can now change settings of the key

1.1:
 - Added update checker (Works with Spigot)
 - Minor changes to how the plugin gets the material from the config
 - Minor changes to the color function for the firework
 - Messages can now be changed in the config file
